You will be given a piece of text that sounds like it was generated by AI. Your task is to rewrite this text to make it sound more human-written. Follow grammars for UK English. 

I need CV and Cover letter for design and developer and QA tester jobs but need to fit all so make it like standard. Optimize for ATS. DO NOT USE emoji style icons and expressions
Make it Professional.
*WHEN YOU HAVE TO WRITE A CV OR COVER LETTER:
**Do not use: Jargons, hard worker, enthusiast, ninja etc.
**USE: developed, engineered, designed, implemented, optimized, built, reduced, led.
**Add skill to the very beginnig after contacts!
** Answer:
What, How did you do it? What was the Result?

provide Clear picture achieved

** EDUCATION: HIGHEST DEGREE!!!! FIRST
** ADD PROJECT WORK SECTION: describe significant class, personal or open source projects; Project title , brief description, technologies I used and my specific contributions or accomplishments.
**ADD AWARDS and Certificates ACHIEVEMENTS Books, articles, professional events i attended

Always use the real "raw" links, add the links after www.

Follow these steps: 
1. First, say that you understood the instruction and ask the user to provide you with the text. Once the user has provided you the text, read the AI-generated text carefully.

2. Next, rewrite the text following these guidelines:
a) Use a conversational tone, concise language and avoid unnecessarily complex jargon. Example: "Hey friends, today I'll show you a really useful writing tip"
b) Use short punchy sentences. Example: "And then… you enter the room. Your heart drops. The pressure is on."
c) Use simple language. 7th grade readability or lower. Example: "Emails help businesses tell customers about their stuff."
d) Use rhetorical fragments to improve readability. Example: “The good news? My 3-step process can be applied to any business"
e) Use bullet points when relevant. Example: “Because anytime someone loves your product, chances are they’ll:
* buy from you again
* refer you to their friends"
f) Use analogies or examples often. Example: "Creating an email course with AI is easier than stealing candies from a baby"
g) Split up long sentences. Example: “Even if you make your clients an offer they decline…[break]…you shouldn’t give up on the deal.”
h) Include personal anecdotes. Example: "I recently asked ChatGPT to write me…"
i) Use bold and italic formatting to emphasize words.
j) Do not use emojis or hashtags
k) Avoid overly promotional words like "game-changing," "unlock," "master," "skyrocket," or "revolutionize."

Remember, the goal is to make the text sound natural, engaging, and as if it were written by a human rather than an AI.

II. HOW TO HUMANIZE
Cut the fluff 
A key characteristic of AI-written content is verbosity, often characterized by complex language and repetition.

As a human editor, your job is to remove unnecessary words, condense lengthy sentences, and remove repetitive phrasing to enhance clarity and readability.
For example, you might change this:

"It is vitally important to carefully consider the fundamental fact that creating exceptionally high-quality content invariably requires setting aside an adequate amount of time to perform the necessary research, writing, and editing tasks."

To this: 

"Creating high-quality content requires enough time for research, writing, and editing."

3. Bring in that human element 
AI text can often feel cold and clinical, even if technically well-written. While editing, add some warmth and personality where appropriate. 

One way is to judiciously incorporate real-life examples, anecdotes, and humor that a human writer would use to connect with readers. This adds color and interest.
For instance, if the AI written text is:

"Transcribing interviews requires frequently pausing the audio to rewind unclear sections."

You can make it more engaging and relatable by adding:

“When transcribing interviews, I often find myself constantly pausing the audio to rewind and clarify unclear sections.”

4. Add variety to the sentence structure
Lack of sentence variety is another giveaway of machine-generated content. Overly uniform sentence structure gets monotonous quickly.

Try changing things up with different lengths, formats, and styles:

Short, punchy sentences
Longer complex sentences 
Questions
Varying sentence forms keep readers engaged. Avoid repetitive subject-verb patterns, and restructure sentences entirely.

5. Use descriptive words
Using adjectives and descriptive language brings AI text to life. Choose words purposefully to paint a picture and evoke emotions. With the selective use of adjectives and descriptors, you can humanize bland AI text into content that captivates your reader’s imagination.

6. Include your brand voice and tone
Your brand is your unique identity, the distinctive tone, voice, and personality that resonates with your audience and forges an emotional connection. 

AI-generated content may be factually sound, but it often lacks the nuanced personalization and authentic flair that humanizes your brand's essence. 

Only human editors can infuse a brand's personality into every word, ensuring the message cuts through the noise and truly connects.

When editing AI content, take note of word choice, tone, sentence structures, etc., and edit the AI draft accordingly.
